K-Means clustering is an unsupervised learning algorithm which groups the unlabeled dataset into
different clusters.
You have been given the Wine Quality Dataset and the details about the dataset is given in the link. Do the
pre-processing of the data before performing the following tasks-

	a) Use any dimension reduction technique of your choice, visualize the data and by looking at the plot tell
	which value of k will be best suited for k-means clustering and why? (no need to use any method to find
	optimal k). 

	b) Build a k-means clustering algorithm( can use sklearn library) and implement using the value of k what
	you have chosen above. Visualize part b by showing the clusters along with the centroids. [10]
	c) Use different values of k and find the Silhouette Score and then tell which value of k will be optimal and
	why? 

	d) There are few methods to find the optimal k value for k-means algorithm like the Elbow Method . Use
	the above method to find the optimal value of k. 




We will use the fashion-MNIST dataset for this question (you can download it from any other
source also including libraries). Flatten and preprocess the data (if required) before starting the tasks. It will
become a 784 dimensional data with 10 classes, more details are available in the link. Inbuilt functions of
sklearn can not be used for this question (except for functions for auxiliary tasks) [45]
	a) Implement a k-means clustering algorithm from scratch. 

	b) Make sure that it should:
		i) Be a class which will be able to store the cluster centers. 
		ii) Take a value of k from users to give k clusters. 
		iii) Be able to take initial cluster center points from the user as its initialization.
		iv) Stop iterating when it converges (cluster centers are not changing anymore) or, a maximum
		iteration (given as max_iter by user) is reached. 

	c) Train the k-means model on f-MNIST data with k = 10 and 10 random 784 dimensional points (in input
	range) as initializations. Report the number of points in each cluster. 

	d) Visualize the cluster centers of each cluster as 2-d images of all clusters. 

	e) Visualize 10 images corresponding to each cluster. 

	f) Train another k-means model with 10 images from each class as initializations , report the number of
	points in each cluster and visualize the cluster centers.

	g) Visualize 10 images corresponding to each cluster. 

	h) Evaluate Clusters of part c and part f with Sum of Squared Error (SSE) method. Report the scores and
	comment on which case is a better clustering. 





Hierarchical clustering is another unsupervised learning algorithm that is used to group together
the unlabeled data points having similar characteristics.
Dataset: Brain Cancer Dataset : you can check the description about the dataset in the given link. 

	A. Check out the dataset & normalize the data so that the scale of each variable will be the same.

	B. Use any dimension reduction technique and visualize the dataset & find out the number of communities
	available. 

	C. Visualize the communities from part A. 

	D. Apply Agglomerative hierarchical clustering (using sklearn). 

	E. Apply K-means (sklearn) and make a comparison between these two approaches & justify your results.